---
layout: post
title: Day 21
date: 2015-08-25
---

This is starting to be exciting. 

I feel really good about the chapters written in Cole’s voice. The other chapters come harder, but it’s starting to be a lot of fun to slip into her world and feel through her. 

Intentionally worked out some stylistic rewrites/edits today to keep Cole’s voice consistent - portrayed in short, relatively simple sentences and language. Very choppy and broken up, but still indicative of her worldview. 

Her personality, needs, motivations are starting to emerge (to some extent, without my conscious participation!), and I feel like there could be a hint of art, or at least craftsmanship starting to come through to my lately-unschooled prose (lol). 

Maybe it’s a blessing that I’m not fully aware of all the things I should be doing. I’d get bogged down even more than I am already! 

It’s cool to see the story, world and characters taking shape, and easier to mould sections that have already been written than to push forward and uncover the parts that haven’t. I’m not entirely sure how to dive into the villains and other characters, probably because I’m not entirely confident in the plot and their roles or characterization. I should just get over it (tomorrow…?), since it seems like the story, characters and plot prefer to reveal themselves to me anyways, but it does feel daunting. 

Also, days seem too short. I write for a couple hours, and then intend to get back into it, but by then there’s something else that needs attention, or someone else, or just low-level distractions. If I could only focus… 

But as Cole is finding out, sometimes you have as much freedom as you let yourself have!


Monday

Start Time: 10:30 am

Location: couch/living room

Drinking: coffee & tonic on ice
