---
layout: post
title: Day 28
date: 2015-09-17
---

So~ sleepy~~ It’s looking grey and potentially wet outside, no one’s home, the cats are sleeping quietly and the fireplace is on. Fall allergies have kicked into high gear and all I want to do is close my eyes. 

Well, not all I want to do. I’d watch something. Take a bath. Eat. But a nap is highish on the list. 

Fascinating; spellcheck doesn’t mind the word highish. I guess I wasn’t the first to invent it. Probably means something totally different, but meh. Force click doesn’t want to look it up for me, so I’ll just let that one go and hope it makes some kind of sense… 

Word count is over 15K and progressing towards the next milestone (20K) nicely. I think total manuscript (post rewrites & editing) for submission should be around 80K and no more than 100K words, so that means I’ve passed the 10% complete mark, and could be as much as a third of the way complete… terrifying thought. 

I have a feeling there’s too much world building and introspection, and not nearly enough action and tension, but I’m going to need great beta readers to really help me nail that down. I feel like I’m only at the beginning of the story, still introducing key characters, environments and premises. But it could be that once the action starts in, the speed will pick up too. 

At 15K words in, and about 6 chapters, we have our protagonist, Cole, her boss, her coworker Ravel1 and an increasing number of unnamed coworkers, Cadence, of course, the dead old lady Suzannah with her parents, the two Care workers including Morris2, more significant players in the form of Inspector and Guard (Serov), the dead kid Mori and his parents, and most recently, the Lady Maria. Plus the unidentified presence in Cole’s dream, which will turn out to be the male lead. Day 28
Thursday, September 17, 2015
10:30 am
couch/living room
MacBook (new)

So~ sleepy~~ It’s looking grey and potentially wet outside, no one’s home, the cats are sleeping quietly and the fireplace is on. Fall allergies have kicked into high gear and all I want to do is close my eyes. Well, not all I want to do. I’d watch something. Take a bath. Eat. But a nap is highish on the list. Fascinating; spellcheck doesn’t mind the word highish. I guess I wasn’t the first to invent it. Probably means something totally different, but meh. Force click doesn’t want to look it up for me, so I’ll just let that one go and hope it makes some kind of sense… 
Word count is over 15K and progressing towards the next milestone (20K) nicely. I think total manuscript (post rewrites & editing) for submission should be around 80K and no more than 100K words, so that means I’ve passed the 10% complete mark, and could be as much as a third of the way complete… terrifying thought. I have a feeling there’s too much world building and introspection, and not nearly enough action and tension, but I’m going to need great beta readers to really help me nail that down. I feel like I’m only at the beginning of the story, still introducing key characters, environments and premises. But it could be that once the action starts in, the speed will pick up too. At 15K words in, and about 6 chapters, we have our protagonist, Cole, her boss, her coworker Ravel1 and an increasing number of unnamed coworkers, Cadence, of course, the dead old lady Suzannah with her parents, the two Care workers including Morris2, more significant players in the form of Inspector and Guard (Serov), the dead kid Mori and his parents, and most recently, the Lady Maria. Plus the unidentified presence in Cole’s dream, which will turn out to be the male lead. So 11 named characters and 20+ including unnamed. Of that, about 6 will continue to play a significant part going forward. Probably too much; I’ll have to see if I can trim the NPCs or something in the rewrites. Besides that issue, I have two main concerns. One: is it interesting? Just because I’m entertained by diving into this world doesn’t mean that anyone else will have the patience to go with me. Two: is Cole likeable/are the people compelling? I think there should be a strong emotional connection with the cast, but I don’t have really strong, cool hero types (yet). And on we go…

So 11 named characters and 20+ including unnamed. Of that, about 6 will continue to play a significant part going forward. Probably too much; I’ll have to see if I can trim the NPCs or something in the rewrites. 

Besides that issue, I have two main concerns. 

One: is it interesting? Just because I’m entertained by diving into this world doesn’t mean that anyone else will have the patience to go with me. 

Two: is Cole likeable/are the people compelling? I think there should be a strong emotional connection with the cast, but I don’t have really strong, cool hero types (yet). 

And on we go…


Thursday

Start Time: 10:30 am

Location: couch/living room
