---
layout: post
title: Day 3
date: 2015-06-03
---

This journaling as a warm up thing seems to be working for me, if only because I’m too stubborn to ruin my record. That’ll probably fade off eventually. 

More success today; watched tv/read webcomics for less than half the day (more like a third…), ate some vegetables, cooked real food, dabbled in business planning like a productive(ish) member of society. Thought (briefly) about working part time. Took a quick run. 

I need to ramp up to more than a two hour daily writing cap in order to get anywhere, though. I don’t think I have 8-10 hours of creativity or attention to detail in me, but I should be able to eke out a solid 4-6 eventually… (right? right??!) 

That translates to about two chapters worth of synopsis, or a page or two of actual solid writing (assuming I can still do that). 

Bonus points; yesterday I had a bath after working on chapter-by-chapter synopsis, rallied, and managed to point-form plot structure my way through maybe the first quarter to third of the novel. - that’s 20ish chapters! This could work after all! 

It’s been a while since I really put much time into researching the publishing world, but last I heard, novelists these days tend to submit the plot and a writing sample to agents/editors rather than sending the whole manuscript. I wonder if sending a CD/USB has gone into vogue yet, or if it’s still all paper copy? That seems archaic and wasteful, but whatever… 

I’ve considered self-publishing or serially publishing too, but I think it takes longer to see profit, and the quality suffers dramatically… 


Wednesday

Start time: 11:20 pm

Location: couch/living room

Drinking: Balvenie
