---
layout: post
title: Day 25
date: 2015-09-11
---

So, bite the bullet, get on with it… possible motivations include ducking out on various work that I could/should be doing and really just don’t want to get around to… 

Some idiot in Kuwait that keeps wanting his copy-written projects edited and adjusted because he couldn’t be bothered to put what he really wanted in the first place. 

Like seriously? I’m not your in-house marketing staff; it’s piecework, and I’m losing money to your cluelessness… So yeah, not gonna keep dropping everything to do that…

Also, fun fact in the wonderful world of grammar. Apparently ‘alright’ is not actually a word, and the correct usage is ‘all right’, which looks incredibly stupid on a page, not to mention confusing. Who knew? 

More to the point, when are the dictionaries going to catch up to us? 

I’m resisting working on the draft, which is generally what happens when I start edging close to plot points and action, and I can’t just float around in the mindscapes of the characters getting nothing done… 

Cole’s running into the guys, Ravel1 in this case, and my mild horror at writing teen romance is choking my imagination and creativity just when I need to be going full dive. It’s all just so… embarrassing. 

I mean, it’s one thing to read the stuff, but to write it? To channel/create it? I’ve built my reputation on, like, decades of resistance to foolish romance! But it must happen/is happening, so I’d better get on with it… 

Oh, Cole. 

Sorry.


Friday

Start Time: 10:30 am

Location: couch/living room

Drinking: Westlake Seattle 'Scotch'

Soundtrack: Ghost Ship's 'Costly'
