---
layout: post
title: Day 62
date: 2016-02-02
category: journal
---

Gah! Cole’s emoness is getting to me! She’s all in her head and making stupid moves and slowing down the progress, but I can’t seem to get her to pick the pace up! Quite a turnaround from when she was the only one that I felt comfortable writing. 

Didn’t have a very productive day yesterday (but it was a Monday, so…) hopefully today I’m able to make a start on the platform building, or at least put in some time on the rewrites. 

Thinking of launching a ‘behind the scenes’ portion of the site with stats, this journal-blog of emo goodness, writing notes, useful links, personal stats like a reading list… Could be painfully self-involved and tedious, or attract online abuse, which is never fun, or simply be a complete flop, but on the flip side, I do think it would be valuable to have resources like it online. 

It’s information that I’d find valuable to have had access to as I started this process, like how <a href="http://www.melissamarrbooks.com">Melissa Marr</a> shared details of her experience, what she got paid etc. I can’t imagine following it step-by-step, but then I’m not the sort of person to enjoy reality TV either, so what do I know? 

Building connection is a key component of having a strong, supportive following, as terrifying as that is. In many ways, I’d rather take the <a href="http://www.lemonysnicket.com/">Lemony Snicket</a> approach to writing and publish under an impersonal pseudonym, a character, but I’m afraid to risk that. I guess I could write under a character or persona, but then that makes this portion, among other things, harder to include without major redactions. 

Part 2: And time for those edits! 

I will now proceed to pretend that I didn’t just spend the last few hours intending to polish off some freelance posts and instead looking stuff up online. 

Onward: Chapter 1!


Tuesday

Start time: 10:45 am & 3:00 pm

Location: couch/living room
