---
layout: post
title: Day 56
date: 2016-01-21
category: journal
---

Finally gonna wrap up my biggest freelance project this week, which is timely, since I’ve been saying that I’d start launching my platform at the 50K mark, which should hit next week. Still some writing sources trying to get my attention, but it does take some of the pressure off. 

I may try doubling my targets (two whole hours of writing a day?!?) or taking on another story instead, tbd. 

Unsure whether it’s better to just throw the first draft out there for feedback and beta reading, or to finish the whole thing, circle back for at least a light rewrite, and then share. I’m attracted to the idea of a full-disclosure approach to sharing the experience of moving through publishing start to finish, but I also can’t imagine anyone taking the time or being entertained by wading through that much material, repeatedly, and it may not help the story be successful. Getting close to pulling that trigger though! 

In other news, I’m actually fairly pleased with how Maria Ashera came out in Chapter 20 - I think it was necessary to circle back to her for some character  building in order for her role to have any significance. Not sure if she’s successfully menacing or intriguing as a villain, but at least it contributed to the plot. 

It’s weird how I never refer back to the plot outline, but things keep kind of drawing together in the same direction. 


Thursday

Start time: 10:00 am

Location: couch/living room

Drinking: Ginger Tulsi tea
