---
layout: post
title: "Day 100"
date: 2016-05-19
---

I’m not writing. It’s a bit of an effort, but so many sources seem to say that it’s important to take a break before starting the rewrites. I’m still jotting down ideas (more than I had been for ages; it’s like I’m back at the start again, fascinated by the world), but instead of diving in on the rewrites, I’m reading blogs and articles on best-practices and working on my coding - finally passed the javascript component!! - so, at least I’m maintaining a minimal level of production. 

I’m fairly worried about this next step. It’s embarrassing to admit, but when I glance back across my writing, I kind of fall in love with it. I can’t imagine changing or erasing it… but I know there are changes that need to be made to make it more consistent, correct, coherent, things that have changed and need to be adjusted to match, dialogue and characterization that needs to be ironed out, or created in the first place. Plotting, structure… I pretty much did it all instinctively, in bites and chunks, and there are probably huge holes and dragging bits to sort out. But for now, I think I’ll aim to hold off until next Wednesday as the official start of rewriting. 

It would be smart to launch a website and social media presence in the meantime, but we’ll see… I’m also increasingly tempted to go the self-publishing route, since I really can’t imagine letting anyone at my work with a sharp pencil, but I know that’ll probably make for a lesser product… So hard to let go!


Thursday

Start time: 10 am

Location: couch/living room

Drinking: Turmeric tea 
