---
layout: post
title: Day 107
date: 2016-06-17
category: journal
---

So I could go with the excuse that there are just too many things to get done, and not enough time. Getting my website ready to launch (since, clearly, no one’s visiting it without a concerted push), developing content and social media material for promotion, scanning (and in some cases, applying for) jobs in the UK, (lazily) applying for the odd freelance project that I don’t really have the time or motivation for anyways, hacking away at travel plans, and spending time with the people that I’m about to leave behind. Plus, removing myself to a private space to work is shockingly challenging. Just starting, as always, is the first, and possibly greatest, barrier to getting anything done.

<blockquote class="instagram-media" data-instgrm-captioned data-instgrm-version="7" style=" background:#FFF; border:0; border-radius:3px; box-shadow:0 0 1px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.5),0 1px 10px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.15); margin: 1px; max-width:658px; padding:0; width:99.375%; width:-webkit-calc(100% - 2px); width:calc(100% - 2px);"><div style="padding:8px;"> <div style=" background:#F8F8F8; line-height:0; margin-top:40px; padding:50.0% 0; text-align:center; width:100%;"> <div style=" background:url(data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAACwAAAAsCAMAAAApWqozAAAABGdBTUEAALGPC/xhBQAAAAFzUkdCAK7OHOkAAAAMUExURczMzPf399fX1+bm5mzY9AMAAADiSURBVDjLvZXbEsMgCES5/P8/t9FuRVCRmU73JWlzosgSIIZURCjo/ad+EQJJB4Hv8BFt+IDpQoCx1wjOSBFhh2XssxEIYn3ulI/6MNReE07UIWJEv8UEOWDS88LY97kqyTliJKKtuYBbruAyVh5wOHiXmpi5we58Ek028czwyuQdLKPG1Bkb4NnM+VeAnfHqn1k4+GPT6uGQcvu2h2OVuIf/gWUFyy8OWEpdyZSa3aVCqpVoVvzZZ2VTnn2wU8qzVjDDetO90GSy9mVLqtgYSy231MxrY6I2gGqjrTY0L8fxCxfCBbhWrsYYAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC); display:block; height:44px; margin:0 auto -44px; position:relative; top:-22px; width:44px;"></div></div> <p style=" margin:8px 0 0 0; padding:0 4px;"> <a href="https://www.instagram.com/p/BGxxhLpp28a/" style=" color:#000; font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; font-style:normal; font-weight:normal; line-height:17px; text-decoration:none; word-wrap:break-word;" target="_blank">The modern fantasy shelf. Call it research. #shelfie #shelfoftheday #hollyblack #helendunmore #thedarkisrising #susancooper #howlsmovingcastle #dianawynnejones #ormelling #fantasy #writersworld #kaiespace</a></p> <p style=" color:#c9c8cd; font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; line-height:17px; margin-bottom:0; margin-top:8px; overflow:hidden; padding:8px 0 7px; text-align:center; text-overflow:ellipsis; white-space:nowrap;">A photo posted by Katrina Wiggins (@kaiedesign) on <time style=" font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; line-height:17px;" datetime="2016-06-18T01:40:06+00:00">Jun 17, 2016 at 6:40pm PDT</time></p></div></blockquote>
<script async defer src="//platform.instagram.com/en_US/embeds.js"></script>

Or I could own up to the fact that I’m paralyzed with horror at the thought of rewrites. What if it sucks? What if it takes forever? (Julianna Baggot just owned up to doing <a href="http://bridgetasher.blogspot.ca/2016/06/what-we-talk-about-when-we-talk-about.html" target="_blank">over 30 rounds of wholesale rewrites</a> on her excellent novels. No thanks.) What if I just can’t do it? What if I run out of time (hint: more a possibility with every hour I stall)? What if I run out of money and can’t afford to hire an editor? What if I hire an editor, but they’re no good? What if… 

Stupid, right? (Please say yes…)

So, a miraculous gift. An entire day (and maybe night?) without interruption. Time to make the magic happen, and to hell with the results. If I have to fail, let it be spectacularly (and if I’m destined to fly, why not get along to it sooner than later??)


Friday

Start time: 2:30 pm

Location: chair/living room

Drinking: Kronenbourg 1664 (I know!)
