---
layout: post
title: Day 78
date: 2016-03-23
---

Just work. 

Just. 

Work.

Or something like that. The hardest part is starting. 

Except for continuing. Finishing, refining, sharing, distributing, marketing, monetizing, negotiating, reinvesting. 

So yeah, it’s all hard. I think I need to do less online surveys and reading of articles, and more focused learning and creating. But even with an extremely limited lifestyle, more money is going out than coming in and I just can’t let go of the need to get on top of that cycle. Even though I’ve planned for it and committed to this plan. 

So, stop whining and just get over it? Focus. Finish. Start again. Stop worrying about tomorrow (next year’s…) problems. 

I wonder if I’ve got too many narratives, the personal journeys of too many people... Morris2 surprisingly survived past her cameo at the start. Background figures are popping up and showing off their initiative and hidden lives. 

Is this creative and sympathetic, or just unfocused? Like, yeah, everyone (everyone!) has a back story in the world, but that doesn’t mean we need to know it… 

The crappy bit is that I could spend all this time fleshing out material that ultimately needs to be cut to keep the story focused and moving forward. The upshot is that I then have shareable micro stories to share. 

The criteria is simple: does it help move the story forward? - but the interpretation is hard; whose story? How much does it have to help? Is it acceptable, desirable, to rework the sequence of events to reduce complexity? Is it honest or real? 

Too many questions, not enough creating for this stage, anyways. 

Moving on…


Wednesday

Start time: 11:15 am

Location: couch/living room
