---
layout: post
title: Day 92
date: 2016-04-20
category: journal
---

I wonder if I can wrap up the first draft before I hit 100 days? It’s hard not to do the math. 100 days or ‘sessions’, really, of writing. In months, that’s only just over three months if I had written every day (instead of over eight months…) Or about five, with weekends. 

And since it translates into about an hour a day, say 1.5 hours to be kind, that’s only 150 hours/40 hour week (with weekends, even!), that’s a solid month’s work. Makes more sense how some guys can be so prolific - if they can actually focus and move forward on a reasonable schedule, they’d be churning out a half-dozen full-size novels a year. Crazy. 

Although, I doubt many people have the capacity to write for eight hours a day, five days a week. Or at least, that’s what I’ll tell myself… 

The weather turned bizarrely hot all of the sudden - from around 15°C to 30°C overnight. Disgusting. Even hiding inside, it gets sweltering by mid afternoon. And having all the windows open is crazy noisy, between the landscapers and the construction down the street. 

Starting to seriously reconsider the whole freelancing thing; too annoying and anxiety-inducing, dealing with clueless clients. Or maybe that’s just the kind of (low-level casual) stuff I’ve been working on… 

I really need (want) to move forward with some speed - the endpoint, at least for now, is getting pretty close (a half-dozen chapters, maybe? Just over a week’s work, if all goes well), and I had wanted to finish up this week, take next week off and clear my head, and then dive into rewrites in May. 

But of course, every day is still a mental argument, with a lot of whining involved. Too noisy. Too distracting. Too hot. Too tired. Too lazy. Just wanna waste time… Ugh, discipline. 

So instead of diving in and getting things done, I’m sitting here having an argument with myself about whether I should turn on a background soundtrack or trust that I’ll be able to focus once I get going. 

OK, I’m finished. Bathroom break, soundtracks, and let’s get to the actual writing by 9:30. If I can push for closer to two hours/session, I may actually get through this thing!


Tuesday

Start Time: 9:15 am

Location: couch/living room

Drinking: Yorkshire tea
