---
layout: post
title: Day 170
date: 2017-02-27
category: journal
---

<blockquote class="instagram-media" data-instgrm-version="7" style=" background:#FFF; border:0; border-radius:3px; box-shadow:0 0 1px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.5),0 1px 10px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.15); margin: 1px; max-width:658px; padding:0; width:99.375%; width:-webkit-calc(100% - 2px); width:calc(100% - 2px);"><div style="padding:8px;"> <div style=" background:#F8F8F8; line-height:0; margin-top:40px; padding:50.0% 0; text-align:center; width:100%;"> <div style=" background:url(data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAACwAAAAsCAMAAAApWqozAAAABGdBTUEAALGPC/xhBQAAAAFzUkdCAK7OHOkAAAAMUExURczMzPf399fX1+bm5mzY9AMAAADiSURBVDjLvZXbEsMgCES5/P8/t9FuRVCRmU73JWlzosgSIIZURCjo/ad+EQJJB4Hv8BFt+IDpQoCx1wjOSBFhh2XssxEIYn3ulI/6MNReE07UIWJEv8UEOWDS88LY97kqyTliJKKtuYBbruAyVh5wOHiXmpi5we58Ek028czwyuQdLKPG1Bkb4NnM+VeAnfHqn1k4+GPT6uGQcvu2h2OVuIf/gWUFyy8OWEpdyZSa3aVCqpVoVvzZZ2VTnn2wU8qzVjDDetO90GSy9mVLqtgYSy231MxrY6I2gGqjrTY0L8fxCxfCBbhWrsYYAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC); display:block; height:44px; margin:0 auto -44px; position:relative; top:-22px; width:44px;"></div></div><p style=" color:#c9c8cd; font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; line-height:17px; margin-bottom:0; margin-top:8px; overflow:hidden; padding:8px 0 7px; text-align:center; text-overflow:ellipsis; white-space:nowrap;"><a href="https://www.instagram.com/p/BRC8JXOlSBn/" style=" color:#c9c8cd; font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; font-style:normal; font-weight:normal; line-height:17px; text-decoration:none;" target="_blank">A post shared by K.A. Wiggins | 🇨🇦 bookaholic (@kaie.space_author)</a> on <time style=" font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; line-height:17px;" datetime="2017-02-28T06:54:00+00:00">Feb 27, 2017 at 10:54pm PST</time></p></div></blockquote>
<script async defer src="//platform.instagram.com/en_US/embeds.js"></script>

So every night I’m like; ok, so tomorrow I’ll just sit down and get right to work early and get in a crazy amount and totally rock this rewrite and finish early… and then it’s midafternoon and I finally force myself to get started…

lol. In other news, I think I’m a definite late-in-the-day/night-writer. 

Finally got to work on pulling together and photographing my giveaways, though I’m not entirely happy with the results. Made some custom corner book marks b/c I was wasting way too much time surfing Etsy and trying to find some good ones that would ship in a reasonable amount of time and also match my themes. The results aren’t epic, but they’re not absolutely terrible, so I feel like that’s a win, and actually, the packages are better than I expected once I got them all together. Now I just have to finish pulling together my FB page, making custom graphics for it and my website, sort out some rules and get this show on the road.

Ugh, graphics. So that’s going to take forever and still be unsatisfying… So maybe I’ll just dive in and get my writing done first and keep procrastinating on that one… 

I also need to do another spin through the plot and refine the updated plan so I can (hopefully) speed through the rewrites-to-date and adjust for what the ending necessitates. And I should really take the day off tomorrow and go in to Van to catch up with friends and see baby Jasper, but then I’d have to get my FotC serial chapter done today… and I should get on with booking flights and trip planning, so… Yeah, I think I’ll just write and pretend none of that other stuff is happening! :)

Part 2

So. Hard. To. Focus. Also, thanks a lot to the guy who posted giant Australian spiders to IG. I appreciate the reminder that I never want to go to Australia. 

Monday

Start Time: 3:15 & 8 pm

Location: Abbotsford; home; couch

Drinking: spiced cinnamon hot cocoa & malbec
