---
layout: post
title: Day 183
date: 2017-03-20
category: journal
---

<blockquote class="instagram-media" data-instgrm-version="7" style=" background:#FFF; border:0; border-radius:3px; box-shadow:0 0 1px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.5),0 1px 10px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.15); margin: 1px; max-width:658px; padding:0; width:99.375%; width:-webkit-calc(100% - 2px); width:calc(100% - 2px);"><div style="padding:8px;"> <div style=" background:#F8F8F8; line-height:0; margin-top:40px; padding:50.0% 0; text-align:center; width:100%;"> <div style=" background:url(data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAACwAAAAsCAMAAAApWqozAAAABGdBTUEAALGPC/xhBQAAAAFzUkdCAK7OHOkAAAAMUExURczMzPf399fX1+bm5mzY9AMAAADiSURBVDjLvZXbEsMgCES5/P8/t9FuRVCRmU73JWlzosgSIIZURCjo/ad+EQJJB4Hv8BFt+IDpQoCx1wjOSBFhh2XssxEIYn3ulI/6MNReE07UIWJEv8UEOWDS88LY97kqyTliJKKtuYBbruAyVh5wOHiXmpi5we58Ek028czwyuQdLKPG1Bkb4NnM+VeAnfHqn1k4+GPT6uGQcvu2h2OVuIf/gWUFyy8OWEpdyZSa3aVCqpVoVvzZZ2VTnn2wU8qzVjDDetO90GSy9mVLqtgYSy231MxrY6I2gGqjrTY0L8fxCxfCBbhWrsYYAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC); display:block; height:44px; margin:0 auto -44px; position:relative; top:-22px; width:44px;"></div></div><p style=" color:#c9c8cd; font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; line-height:17px; margin-bottom:0; margin-top:8px; overflow:hidden; padding:8px 0 7px; text-align:center; text-overflow:ellipsis; white-space:nowrap;"><a href="https://www.instagram.com/p/BR4gEd3Fgwx/" style=" color:#c9c8cd; font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; font-style:normal; font-weight:normal; line-height:17px; text-decoration:none;" target="_blank">A post shared by K.A. Wiggins | 🇨🇦 bookaholic (@kaie.space_author)</a> on <time style=" font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; line-height:17px;" datetime="2017-03-21T02:07:39+00:00">Mar 20, 2017 at 7:07pm PDT</time></p></div></blockquote>
<script async defer src="//platform.instagram.com/en_US/embeds.js"></script>

I really failed to log the work last week; no actual writing progress, but lots of broad book progress… 7.5 hours of redoing the plot Monday, another 5 on Tuesday to fill it out and refine, another 4 on Wednesday to transfer it all to Excel and tweak, and then another 4 on Thursday to write up 10 pages of cover art notes. 

But no, like, chapters finished or word count momentum, and still the whole climax-resolution, basically the last third needs to be written. And the whole thing rewritten to match the new plot. And I was out in Vancouver F/S, so there’s a week gone. Plus, obsessively distracted by the remote possibility of getting into audiobook narration. So yeah, it’s going to be an insane push to get through by deadline! 

But I finally updated Wattpad etc. that the serials are on hold (after missing 2 weeks of posts) until after the editorial deadline, and I think the cover art stuff is out of the way until mid April or later, and I feel like I’ve got a pretty clear idea of what I’m doing with the story and can maybe push through the rest quickly… Maybe. So here goes...

Monday

Start Time: 2:30 pm

Location: Abbotsford; home; couch

Drinking: Nettle tea
