---
layout: post
title: Day 167
date: 2017-02-23
category: journal
---

<blockquote class="instagram-media" data-instgrm-version="7" style=" background:#FFF; border:0; border-radius:3px; box-shadow:0 0 1px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.5),0 1px 10px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.15); margin: 1px; max-width:658px; padding:0; width:99.375%; width:-webkit-calc(100% - 2px); width:calc(100% - 2px);"><div style="padding:8px;"> <div style=" background:#F8F8F8; line-height:0; margin-top:40px; padding:50.0% 0; text-align:center; width:100%;"> <div style=" background:url(data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAACwAAAAsCAMAAAApWqozAAAABGdBTUEAALGPC/xhBQAAAAFzUkdCAK7OHOkAAAAMUExURczMzPf399fX1+bm5mzY9AMAAADiSURBVDjLvZXbEsMgCES5/P8/t9FuRVCRmU73JWlzosgSIIZURCjo/ad+EQJJB4Hv8BFt+IDpQoCx1wjOSBFhh2XssxEIYn3ulI/6MNReE07UIWJEv8UEOWDS88LY97kqyTliJKKtuYBbruAyVh5wOHiXmpi5we58Ek028czwyuQdLKPG1Bkb4NnM+VeAnfHqn1k4+GPT6uGQcvu2h2OVuIf/gWUFyy8OWEpdyZSa3aVCqpVoVvzZZ2VTnn2wU8qzVjDDetO90GSy9mVLqtgYSy231MxrY6I2gGqjrTY0L8fxCxfCBbhWrsYYAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC); display:block; height:44px; margin:0 auto -44px; position:relative; top:-22px; width:44px;"></div></div><p style=" color:#c9c8cd; font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; line-height:17px; margin-bottom:0; margin-top:8px; overflow:hidden; padding:8px 0 7px; text-align:center; text-overflow:ellipsis; white-space:nowrap;"><a href="https://www.instagram.com/p/BQ4dwloFuhW/" style=" color:#c9c8cd; font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; font-style:normal; font-weight:normal; line-height:17px; text-decoration:none;" target="_blank">A post shared by Kaie | 🇨🇦 author &amp; bookaholic (@kaie.space_author)</a> on <time style=" font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; line-height:17px;" datetime="2017-02-24T05:16:04+00:00">Feb 23, 2017 at 9:16pm PST</time></p></div></blockquote>
<script async defer src="//platform.instagram.com/en_US/embeds.js"></script>

Still avoiding lots of things that I probably shouldn’t be (lol?) - although I’ve come up with a better excuse for not making plans; my parents my be interviewing for jobs in the States and it would be better for me to be around to cat-sit. Also, I’m definitely not booking anything until the end of next month/editorial deadline b/c let’s face it, I’m gonna need the time to work on this draft anyways. Although I keep saying it takes just as long to recut/edit existing text as write new, I’m now at the point where I have to put that to the test, and if it doesn’t take any longer (which may not actually be accurate), it does take more out of me. I think I’m one of those writers that hates to write/loves to have written/needs to write, lol. Like, it does feel good when I’m in the zone (which doesn’t last long at all), and after, and when I think about doing it but really have no intention of actually doing it, but the worst part is sitting down and getting to it. And also starting doing it. And continuing while doing it. And having to stop and go to the bathroom when I’m in the middle of it. Writing, man. Such love-hateness. And I’m sore from, like, sitting all day trying to convince myself to write, but I don’t want to give up writing time to get out and, like, move. Like, whatever. (lol, I don’t know why that had to be said Valley-girl style, but it did.) I had coffee this morning. I think it’s doing something to my brain. Specifically the language-processing and coordination bits. And now, I think, I need to stop and IG instead of write, which is dumb but anyways… 

Thursday

Start Time: 3:30 pm

Location: Abbotsford; home; chair & couch

Drinking: GT w/ homemade/bathtub gin
