---
layout: post
title: Day 166
date: 2017-02-22
category: journal
---

<blockquote class="instagram-media" data-instgrm-version="7" style=" background:#FFF; border:0; border-radius:3px; box-shadow:0 0 1px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.5),0 1px 10px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.15); margin: 1px; max-width:658px; padding:0; width:99.375%; width:-webkit-calc(100% - 2px); width:calc(100% - 2px);"><div style="padding:8px;"> <div style=" background:#F8F8F8; line-height:0; margin-top:40px; padding:50.0% 0; text-align:center; width:100%;"> <div style=" background:url(data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAACwAAAAsCAMAAAApWqozAAAABGdBTUEAALGPC/xhBQAAAAFzUkdCAK7OHOkAAAAMUExURczMzPf399fX1+bm5mzY9AMAAADiSURBVDjLvZXbEsMgCES5/P8/t9FuRVCRmU73JWlzosgSIIZURCjo/ad+EQJJB4Hv8BFt+IDpQoCx1wjOSBFhh2XssxEIYn3ulI/6MNReE07UIWJEv8UEOWDS88LY97kqyTliJKKtuYBbruAyVh5wOHiXmpi5we58Ek028czwyuQdLKPG1Bkb4NnM+VeAnfHqn1k4+GPT6uGQcvu2h2OVuIf/gWUFyy8OWEpdyZSa3aVCqpVoVvzZZ2VTnn2wU8qzVjDDetO90GSy9mVLqtgYSy231MxrY6I2gGqjrTY0L8fxCxfCBbhWrsYYAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC); display:block; height:44px; margin:0 auto -44px; position:relative; top:-22px; width:44px;"></div></div><p style=" color:#c9c8cd; font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; line-height:17px; margin-bottom:0; margin-top:8px; overflow:hidden; padding:8px 0 7px; text-align:center; text-overflow:ellipsis; white-space:nowrap;"><a href="https://www.instagram.com/p/BQ1nuB0ljAR/" style=" color:#c9c8cd; font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; font-style:normal; font-weight:normal; line-height:17px; text-decoration:none;" target="_blank">A post shared by Kaie | 🇨🇦 author &amp; bookaholic (@kaie.space_author)</a> on <time style=" font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; line-height:17px;" datetime="2017-02-23T02:45:22+00:00">Feb 22, 2017 at 6:45pm PST</time></p></div></blockquote>
<script async defer src="//platform.instagram.com/en_US/embeds.js"></script>

Still plugging along at a snail’s pace… well, that’s not entirely fair; I’m keeping up roughly 4 hours a day/3K-ish words/2 chapters, but it feels like slogging. Only got my Wattpad chapter out with 30min. to go yesterday. The idea of worrying about what comes next (travel/work, even marketing/sales) is overwhelming, so I’m just not dealing with it, which is going to bite me down the road, but I can’t bring myself to really care just now. Which makes things out to sound worse than they are; I’m continuing to be productive, moving towards a goal and wishing I were more successful already doesn’t help anything. So, back into the grind.

Part 2

Still plugging; thanks for the encouraging comments, IG/bookstagram followers! It helps! Feeling a little depressed b/c my parents are looking at jobs in the states and I’d either have to take a FT job or make it absolutely huge with this book immediately to be able to be close to them… and also have to leave my new nephew and his family behind… lame. But also potentially cool, ‘cause they’re looking at the Oregon coast or New York area, and I like coastal foggy areas and cliffs, and NY is the heart of publishing so that’d be rad… Trying not to worry about the future and do the best I can now, but it’s hard not to freak out sometimes and just keep focusing!

Wednesday

Start Time: 10 am & 2 pm

Location: Abbotsford; home; bed & couch

Drinking: Nettle Yerba Mate tea

Listening: Chris Cornell Higher Truth album
