---
layout: post
title: Day 179
date: 2017-03-13
category: journal
---

<blockquote class="instagram-media" data-instgrm-version="7" style=" background:#FFF; border:0; border-radius:3px; box-shadow:0 0 1px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.5),0 1px 10px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.15); margin: 1px; max-width:658px; padding:0; width:99.375%; width:-webkit-calc(100% - 2px); width:calc(100% - 2px);"><div style="padding:8px;"> <div style=" background:#F8F8F8; line-height:0; margin-top:40px; padding:50.0% 0; text-align:center; width:100%;"> <div style=" background:url(data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAACwAAAAsCAMAAAApWqozAAAABGdBTUEAALGPC/xhBQAAAAFzUkdCAK7OHOkAAAAMUExURczMzPf399fX1+bm5mzY9AMAAADiSURBVDjLvZXbEsMgCES5/P8/t9FuRVCRmU73JWlzosgSIIZURCjo/ad+EQJJB4Hv8BFt+IDpQoCx1wjOSBFhh2XssxEIYn3ulI/6MNReE07UIWJEv8UEOWDS88LY97kqyTliJKKtuYBbruAyVh5wOHiXmpi5we58Ek028czwyuQdLKPG1Bkb4NnM+VeAnfHqn1k4+GPT6uGQcvu2h2OVuIf/gWUFyy8OWEpdyZSa3aVCqpVoVvzZZ2VTnn2wU8qzVjDDetO90GSy9mVLqtgYSy231MxrY6I2gGqjrTY0L8fxCxfCBbhWrsYYAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC); display:block; height:44px; margin:0 auto -44px; position:relative; top:-22px; width:44px;"></div></div><p style=" color:#c9c8cd; font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; line-height:17px; margin-bottom:0; margin-top:8px; overflow:hidden; padding:8px 0 7px; text-align:center; text-overflow:ellipsis; white-space:nowrap;"><a href="https://www.instagram.com/p/BRmqhuqFC3k/" style=" color:#c9c8cd; font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; font-style:normal; font-weight:normal; line-height:17px; text-decoration:none;" target="_blank">A post shared by K.A. Wiggins | 🇨🇦 bookaholic (@kaie.space_author)</a> on <time style=" font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; line-height:17px;" datetime="2017-03-14T03:52:42+00:00">Mar 13, 2017 at 8:52pm PDT</time></p></div></blockquote>
<script async defer src="//platform.instagram.com/en_US/embeds.js"></script>

Time change is an evil, evil invention that ought to be erased from human existence. 

In other news, I hired a cover artist! Which I’m kinda panicking about b/c it’s yet another significant investment that I’ve got to make worthwhile, and I’ve had several days of not being that productive and still have some concerns over the plot coherency, but panic is apparently my natural state. 

Reading Sarah J. Maas’ A Court of Mist and Fury and impressed with the incredible (feminist) character growth, despite how much I *don’t* agree with some of her premises. And feeling inadequate, yet again, as a result, lol. I really admire the messiness of Feyre’s character, but I struggle to tell a coherent and inspiring story without making it too simplistic. Or incoherently full of every possible thing. Tried to spend some more time on plot today, but between Monday-ness and time-changeless and a death in the extended family and travel planning getting closer and all, I basically made no progress. Also, I only just figured out (yesterday) that the Christian perspective on women and specifically women in the church, is a massive mostly un-grounded mess, so that’s been fun. Lol. You think you’ve mastered the critical thinking stuff, and then you find gaping holes that you’ve conveniently just taken on board. Yeah. Awesome. So there’s that. 

But mostly I’m just feeling lazy and distracted and dissatisfied, and having trouble thinking coherent thoughts, which doesn’t translate well to brilliant writing. Oh well, back at it, for what that’s worth!

Monday

Start Time: 4:15 pm

Location: Abbotsford; home; couch

Drinking: Malbec
