---
layout: post
title: Day 186
date: 2017-03-22
category: journal
---

<blockquote class="instagram-media" data-instgrm-version="7" style=" background:#FFF; border:0; border-radius:3px; box-shadow:0 0 1px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.5),0 1px 10px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.15); margin: 1px; max-width:658px; padding:0; width:99.375%; width:-webkit-calc(100% - 2px); width:calc(100% - 2px);"><div style="padding:8px;"> <div style=" background:#F8F8F8; line-height:0; margin-top:40px; padding:50.0% 0; text-align:center; width:100%;"> <div style=" background:url(data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAACwAAAAsCAMAAAApWqozAAAABGdBTUEAALGPC/xhBQAAAAFzUkdCAK7OHOkAAAAMUExURczMzPf399fX1+bm5mzY9AMAAADiSURBVDjLvZXbEsMgCES5/P8/t9FuRVCRmU73JWlzosgSIIZURCjo/ad+EQJJB4Hv8BFt+IDpQoCx1wjOSBFhh2XssxEIYn3ulI/6MNReE07UIWJEv8UEOWDS88LY97kqyTliJKKtuYBbruAyVh5wOHiXmpi5we58Ek028czwyuQdLKPG1Bkb4NnM+VeAnfHqn1k4+GPT6uGQcvu2h2OVuIf/gWUFyy8OWEpdyZSa3aVCqpVoVvzZZ2VTnn2wU8qzVjDDetO90GSy9mVLqtgYSy231MxrY6I2gGqjrTY0L8fxCxfCBbhWrsYYAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC); display:block; height:44px; margin:0 auto -44px; position:relative; top:-22px; width:44px;"></div></div><p style=" color:#c9c8cd; font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; line-height:17px; margin-bottom:0; margin-top:8px; overflow:hidden; padding:8px 0 7px; text-align:center; text-overflow:ellipsis; white-space:nowrap;"><a href="https://www.instagram.com/p/BR9k-94lCn4/" style=" color:#c9c8cd; font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; font-style:normal; font-weight:normal; line-height:17px; text-decoration:none;" target="_blank">A post shared by K.A. Wiggins | 🇨🇦 bookaholic (@kaie.space_author)</a> on <time style=" font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; line-height:17px;" datetime="2017-03-23T01:26:47+00:00">Mar 22, 2017 at 6:26pm PDT</time></p></div></blockquote>
<script async defer src="//platform.instagram.com/en_US/embeds.js"></script>

Sound equipment is in the mail; maybe I can record the first chapter of BtE and offer that as a freebie? A lot of indie authors - including some established, quality ones, not just the wannabes - really rely heavily on free content as an incentive. The trouble is, with so much free content out there, it’s pretty easy for people to surf around collecting it without caring to go any further. Or just dismiss it entirely as valueless. So I’m just not sure about return on investment for putting in the effort, time, finances into polishing up some additional form of media for that purpose. I’m more inclined to agree with the authors who refuse to give away full novels and offer previews, novellas and alternate media instead… but Wattpad stories don’t seem to really be of interest, and mine aren’t really up to full polish yet at the moment, and won’t be for some time… and the problem remains, as a debut artist, no one actually wants what you’re offering yet. How to play the game - and how to create something that’s so valuable that you don’t have to play the game… For today, I keep up with the existing social media and press onward with BtE hoping to make something worth something to someone. Lol. 

Wednesday

Start Time: 2 pm

Location: Abbotsford; home; couch
