---
layout: post
title: Day 189
date: 2017-03-31
category: journal
---

<blockquote class="instagram-media" data-instgrm-version="7" style=" background:#FFF; border:0; border-radius:3px; box-shadow:0 0 1px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.5),0 1px 10px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.15); margin: 1px; max-width:658px; padding:0; width:99.375%; width:-webkit-calc(100% - 2px); width:calc(100% - 2px);"><div style="padding:8px;"> <div style=" background:#F8F8F8; line-height:0; margin-top:40px; padding:50.0% 0; text-align:center; width:100%;"> <div style=" background:url(data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAACwAAAAsCAMAAAApWqozAAAABGdBTUEAALGPC/xhBQAAAAFzUkdCAK7OHOkAAAAMUExURczMzPf399fX1+bm5mzY9AMAAADiSURBVDjLvZXbEsMgCES5/P8/t9FuRVCRmU73JWlzosgSIIZURCjo/ad+EQJJB4Hv8BFt+IDpQoCx1wjOSBFhh2XssxEIYn3ulI/6MNReE07UIWJEv8UEOWDS88LY97kqyTliJKKtuYBbruAyVh5wOHiXmpi5we58Ek028czwyuQdLKPG1Bkb4NnM+VeAnfHqn1k4+GPT6uGQcvu2h2OVuIf/gWUFyy8OWEpdyZSa3aVCqpVoVvzZZ2VTnn2wU8qzVjDDetO90GSy9mVLqtgYSy231MxrY6I2gGqjrTY0L8fxCxfCBbhWrsYYAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC); display:block; height:44px; margin:0 auto -44px; position:relative; top:-22px; width:44px;"></div></div><p style=" color:#c9c8cd; font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; line-height:17px; margin-bottom:0; margin-top:8px; overflow:hidden; padding:8px 0 7px; text-align:center; text-overflow:ellipsis; white-space:nowrap;"><a href="https://www.instagram.com/p/BSUyN98FGpv/" style=" color:#c9c8cd; font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; font-style:normal; font-weight:normal; line-height:17px; text-decoration:none;" target="_blank">A post shared by K.A. Wiggins | 🇨🇦 bookaholic (@kaie.space_author)</a> on <time style=" font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; line-height:17px;" datetime="2017-04-01T01:44:58+00:00">Mar 31, 2017 at 6:44pm PDT</time></p></div></blockquote>
<script async defer src="//platform.instagram.com/en_US/embeds.js"></script>

What’s your obsessive thing that you do when you’re avoiding what you should be doing? Right now, all I can think about is making chocolate chip cookies. Which is bizarre, because I don’t particularly care for cookies, and I really don’t like chocolate chip. But my sound equipment already arrived, so I guess my brain had to move on to some other purposeless or slightly negative desire. Sigh.

I’m being (characteristically) angsty about having to write today. I’ve reached the end of content that needs to be rewritten, and now we’re into sketched out area only detailed in the book map to date. Which shouldn’t be that big a deal as I’ve already written well over 100K words, but… yeah. Logic. Not a friend to writers. And so, instead of getting down to it and pushing through so I can meet my deadline on *Monday*(!!), I’m putzing around wasting time. Lol. I wonder if I’ll ever get to the point where it’s easy to just sit down and write, or if it’ll always be this sort of internal battle to convince myself that yes, this really is what I want to be doing, and yes, it is worth my time, and yes, I can do this… 

Friday

Start Time: 3:15 pm

Location: Abbotsford; home; couch

Drinking: Malbec
