---
layout: post
title: Day 187
date: 2017-03-29
category: journal
---

<blockquote class="instagram-media" data-instgrm-version="7" style=" background:#FFF; border:0; border-radius:3px; box-shadow:0 0 1px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.5),0 1px 10px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.15); margin: 1px; max-width:658px; padding:0; width:99.375%; width:-webkit-calc(100% - 2px); width:calc(100% - 2px);"><div style="padding:8px;"> <div style=" background:#F8F8F8; line-height:0; margin-top:40px; padding:50.0% 0; text-align:center; width:100%;"> <div style=" background:url(data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAACwAAAAsCAMAAAApWqozAAAABGdBTUEAALGPC/xhBQAAAAFzUkdCAK7OHOkAAAAMUExURczMzPf399fX1+bm5mzY9AMAAADiSURBVDjLvZXbEsMgCES5/P8/t9FuRVCRmU73JWlzosgSIIZURCjo/ad+EQJJB4Hv8BFt+IDpQoCx1wjOSBFhh2XssxEIYn3ulI/6MNReE07UIWJEv8UEOWDS88LY97kqyTliJKKtuYBbruAyVh5wOHiXmpi5we58Ek028czwyuQdLKPG1Bkb4NnM+VeAnfHqn1k4+GPT6uGQcvu2h2OVuIf/gWUFyy8OWEpdyZSa3aVCqpVoVvzZZ2VTnn2wU8qzVjDDetO90GSy9mVLqtgYSy231MxrY6I2gGqjrTY0L8fxCxfCBbhWrsYYAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC); display:block; height:44px; margin:0 auto -44px; position:relative; top:-22px; width:44px;"></div></div><p style=" color:#c9c8cd; font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; line-height:17px; margin-bottom:0; margin-top:8px; overflow:hidden; padding:8px 0 7px; text-align:center; text-overflow:ellipsis; white-space:nowrap;"><a href="https://www.instagram.com/p/BSPpJbbBysL/" style=" color:#c9c8cd; font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; font-style:normal; font-weight:normal; line-height:17px; text-decoration:none;" target="_blank">A post shared by K.A. Wiggins | 🇨🇦 bookaholic (@kaie.space_author)</a> on <time style=" font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; line-height:17px;" datetime="2017-03-30T01:49:30+00:00">Mar 29, 2017 at 6:49pm PDT</time></p></div></blockquote>
<script async defer src="//platform.instagram.com/en_US/embeds.js"></script>

In typical fashion, immediately after hyper-productivity, I get next to nothing done. Which is cool and all; I had a few hours alone in the house, so a little indulgence was in order. And not entirely true; ended up doing quite a bit of marketing research. Interesting that it is actually possible to have hardcovers printed up. Yet another thing to debate… Also saw some numbers on Kindle Publishing - yikes! In around $10K in one year is… better than a few hundred dollers/not earning out outsourced investment, but still… absolutely no one is living off this stuff, even the ‘success’ stories, which is insane when you think about how much work, time, money etc. goes in. Learned a little on how to get books into distribution for stores, and in particular, libraries, so that’s a promising lead… and considering staying in this location, or Canada at least, until after publication, which opens up better doors for promotion and sales, but is of course a huge about-face…

Curious about the sound equipment coming in next week and if that’ll prove to open any doors or add any value. I’m seeing some stuff that reiterates the value of video for younger segments of the population, which is a terrifying thought, and came across a platform where you submit query letters to agents. Though it’s yet another distraction, I think I’ll muck around in that world for a bit too. YA seems to be one of those borderline things where the value of going Indie and e-book-first is questionable, and apparently some agents do work with Indies and feel like they can both provide and receive enough value in that to make a go of it. 


Wednesday

Start Time: 3 pm

Location: Abbotsford; home; couch

Drinking: spiced honey Old Fashioned
