---
layout: post
title: Day 195
date: 2017-05-10
category: journal
---

<blockquote class="instagram-media" data-instgrm-version="7" style=" background:#FFF; border:0; border-radius:3px; box-shadow:0 0 1px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.5),0 1px 10px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.15); margin: 1px; max-width:658px; padding:0; width:99.375%; width:-webkit-calc(100% - 2px); width:calc(100% - 2px);"><div style="padding:8px;"> <div style=" background:#F8F8F8; line-height:0; margin-top:40px; padding:50.0% 0; text-align:center; width:100%;"> <div style=" background:url(data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAACwAAAAsCAMAAAApWqozAAAABGdBTUEAALGPC/xhBQAAAAFzUkdCAK7OHOkAAAAMUExURczMzPf399fX1+bm5mzY9AMAAADiSURBVDjLvZXbEsMgCES5/P8/t9FuRVCRmU73JWlzosgSIIZURCjo/ad+EQJJB4Hv8BFt+IDpQoCx1wjOSBFhh2XssxEIYn3ulI/6MNReE07UIWJEv8UEOWDS88LY97kqyTliJKKtuYBbruAyVh5wOHiXmpi5we58Ek028czwyuQdLKPG1Bkb4NnM+VeAnfHqn1k4+GPT6uGQcvu2h2OVuIf/gWUFyy8OWEpdyZSa3aVCqpVoVvzZZ2VTnn2wU8qzVjDDetO90GSy9mVLqtgYSy231MxrY6I2gGqjrTY0L8fxCxfCBbhWrsYYAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC); display:block; height:44px; margin:0 auto -44px; position:relative; top:-22px; width:44px;"></div></div><p style=" color:#c9c8cd; font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; line-height:17px; margin-bottom:0; margin-top:8px; overflow:hidden; padding:8px 0 7px; text-align:center; text-overflow:ellipsis; white-space:nowrap;"><a href="https://www.instagram.com/p/BS7fJPcFtLW/" style=" color:#c9c8cd; font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; font-style:normal; font-weight:normal; line-height:17px; text-decoration:none;" target="_blank">A post shared by K.A. Wiggins | 🇨🇦 bookaholic (@kaie.space_author)</a> on <time style=" font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; line-height:17px;" datetime="2017-04-16T02:28:40+00:00">Apr 15, 2017 at 7:28pm PDT</time></p></div></blockquote>
<script async defer src="//platform.instagram.com/en_US/embeds.js"></script>

Man, I always forget how much time chores take up. Spent yesterday voting, cooking, doing dishes, laundry, cleaning bathrooms, vacuuming, going to the store, the library, doing more dishes… I mean, yes I was having a hard time sitting down and focusing, but still! I’d even cooked and done laundry on the weekend, so it wasn’t like the chores had all stacked up or anything!

I guess I just like to increasing the pressure and anxiety by putting off the things that really need doing like, I dunno, finishing this book and doing freelancing, lol.

Anyways, still stuck in backstory-land, but hoping to actually get down to work on the plot in the book map today. My working plan is to get the structure set as of this week (and polish off the last couple outstanding freelance assignments), and then have the remaining three weeks for rewrites… which is not a lot of time, but meh, here’s hoping. 

On the plus side, one of the two complete audiobooks is approved for sale and being set up on Amazon, Audible and iTunes, while the other just came back yesterday with the same feedback as the first (boost average volume), and I’ve finished that correction and sent it out, so those won’t be hanging over me, ready to clamour for attention at some inopportune, deadline-approaching time. Also sent out three more auditions, for both flat-fee and royalty-share opportunities, so I’m free from recording requirements for a few weeks at least, unless I get on with recording a sample from BtE… which I really should do, as someone else signed up for my mailing list and I should actually start promoting and sending messages to those folks, lol. 

Part 2

So I think I’ve got backstory and plot done for the Maria/Ravel angle with hints at Cole & family history… gonna take a stab at some more detailed backstory for Itri - who really ought to be renamed - because he really needs some more depth too, and then hopefully get on to stitching the plot book map back together today. Here’s hoping!

Wednesday

Start Time: 10 am & 1 pm

Location: Abbotsford; home; couch

Drinking: cardamom iced coffee
