---
layout: post
title: Day 144
date: 2017-01-23
category: journal
---

<blockquote class="instagram-media" data-instgrm-captioned data-instgrm-version="7" style=" background:#FFF; border:0; border-radius:3px; box-shadow:0 0 1px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.5),0 1px 10px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.15); margin: 1px; max-width:658px; padding:0; width:99.375%; width:-webkit-calc(100% - 2px); width:calc(100% - 2px);"><div style="padding:8px;"> <div style=" background:#F8F8F8; line-height:0; margin-top:40px; padding:50.0% 0; text-align:center; width:100%;"> <div style=" background:url(data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAACwAAAAsCAMAAAApWqozAAAABGdBTUEAALGPC/xhBQAAAAFzUkdCAK7OHOkAAAAMUExURczMzPf399fX1+bm5mzY9AMAAADiSURBVDjLvZXbEsMgCES5/P8/t9FuRVCRmU73JWlzosgSIIZURCjo/ad+EQJJB4Hv8BFt+IDpQoCx1wjOSBFhh2XssxEIYn3ulI/6MNReE07UIWJEv8UEOWDS88LY97kqyTliJKKtuYBbruAyVh5wOHiXmpi5we58Ek028czwyuQdLKPG1Bkb4NnM+VeAnfHqn1k4+GPT6uGQcvu2h2OVuIf/gWUFyy8OWEpdyZSa3aVCqpVoVvzZZ2VTnn2wU8qzVjDDetO90GSy9mVLqtgYSy231MxrY6I2gGqjrTY0L8fxCxfCBbhWrsYYAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC); display:block; height:44px; margin:0 auto -44px; position:relative; top:-22px; width:44px;"></div></div> <p style=" margin:8px 0 0 0; padding:0 4px;"> <a href="https://www.instagram.com/p/BPnvx4vgQ-k/" style=" color:#000; font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; font-style:normal; font-weight:normal; line-height:17px; text-decoration:none; word-wrap:break-word;" target="_blank">Thanks @msreader4u for tagging me to cover #oldbooks #secondinbookseries #titlepagewonders and #openbook 👏📚✨ . . I&#39;m cheating a bit, depending on whether you buy #lotr as one book or a trilogy, lol, but it&#39;s my go-to original fandom and there&#39;s always a few versions on hand for shoots in a pinch (lesser books are boxed and stored b/c #digitalnomad sadly)</a></p> <p style=" color:#c9c8cd; font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; line-height:17px; margin-bottom:0; margin-top:8px; overflow:hidden; padding:8px 0 7px; text-align:center; text-overflow:ellipsis; white-space:nowrap;">A photo posted by KAIE (@kaie.space_author) on <time style=" font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; line-height:17px;" datetime="2017-01-23T20:55:02+00:00">Jan 23, 2017 at 12:55pm PST</time></p></div></blockquote>
<script async defer src="//platform.instagram.com/en_US/embeds.js"></script>

And here we go again. Back to trying to tell an impossible story. Gonna throw marketability out the window for a while, stop trying to do all the right things, and work on telling the truth. Then telling it in a way that people can understand. Then figuring out what on earth this Frankenstein’s monster of a creation I’ve developed actually is.

Wish me luck. Like Cole, I may not like the rules, but I generally try to follow them and get a gold star. Uncharted territory is scary (but awesome, but scary…)

Part 2

Wow this is getting dark & twisted. Uncomfortable for me, but probably an awesome direction, when it comes to it. Very teen, very dark-fantasy/supernatural-thriller/paranormal-horror, lol. Soooo uncomfortable. It’s one thing to put something down in a plot, it’s another to go there and write it honestly and deeply! Yikes! Off to the races...

Monday

Start Time: 1:30 & 3:30 & 8:30 pm

Location: Abbotsford; home; table & couch

drinking: Crown Royal northern harvest rye
