---
layout: post
title: Dreaming of Scotland Giveaway
date: 2017-03-05
category: journal
---

Finally getting around to a big social media push with a two-part giveaway! Lots of fun stuff to win, and lots of ways to enter.

**Giveaway Sets:**

1. The *Dreaming of Scotland* package is open until April 1, 2017 or I head back over, whichever comes sooner, and includes:

- As-pictured naked hardcover edition of Diana Gabaldon's latest Outlander (main series) novel, *Written in my Own Heart's Blood* (which, amusingly, is not set in Scotland, but anyways...) 
- 2 large + 2 small parchment-style Outlander-themed corner bookmarks
- Clans of Scotland wool tartan scarf
- Scottish 'Saltire' flag
- *I Shine Not Burn* Scottish fabric crest
- *Touch Not a Cat but a Glove* Scottish crest/tartan print mini notebook
- *Touch Not a Cat but a Glove* Scottish crest/tartan print keychain
- Caledonian Sleeper Sleep set (branded sleep mask, earplugs + Arran Aromatics travel soap)
- Isle of Skye Soap Co. Myrtle & Heather full size soap set
- The Highland Soap Co. Heather bath melt

2. The *Bookish Self-Care* package is open until my Instagram account reaches 2,000 followers *or* my Facebook page reaches 1,000 followers *or* my mailing list reaches 500 subscribers, whichever happens first, and includes:

- As-pictured Adult Coloring Books (singular)
- 1 large + 1 small parchment-style bookish corner bookmark
- Vintage butterfly clip bookmark
- 2 organic essential oil bathbombs

**How to Enter**

You can get 1 entry for each of the following actions up to a total of 4 entries:

- Mailing List: *Join my mailing list* for publishing updates, previews and other bonus content. I promise not to spam you :) 
- Instagram: *Follow* me, *repost* the original giveaway image and *tag* me in it, leave up for 24 hours (and until I comment/like it so you know I got your entry!)
- Facebook: *Like & Follow* K A Wiggins and *comment* on the original giveaway post which giveaway you most want to win (more than one is ok!)
- Goodreads: *Add me as a friend* on Goodreads and *comment* which giveaway you most want to win (more than one is ok!) 

Both giveaways are open to residents of the USA, United Kingdom & Canada.

I will contact winners via the platform they entered for their mailing address. Winners will have 72 hours to respond or a replacement winner will be drawn. 

**Small Print (lol):**

This is probably unneccessary, but anyways... Giveaway or commercial accounts are not included in the giveaway. Private accounts are included in the giveaway only if K.A. Wiggins is granted access (follow/friend) prior to giveaway closing. I reserve the right to close any and all giveaways at my discretion. Giveaways are offered by K.A. Wiggins and have no affiliation with Instagram, Facebook, Revue, Github, prize manufacturers, or any other corporation or company. K.A. Wiggins is not responsible for any outcomes up to and including mail delivery failures and damage to or by giveaway items.
