---
layout: post
title: Day 155
date: 2017-02-04
category: journal
---

<blockquote class="instagram-media" data-instgrm-captioned data-instgrm-version="7" style=" background:#FFF; border:0; border-radius:3px; box-shadow:0 0 1px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.5),0 1px 10px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.15); margin: 1px; max-width:658px; padding:0; width:99.375%; width:-webkit-calc(100% - 2px); width:calc(100% - 2px);"><div style="padding:8px;"> <div style=" background:#F8F8F8; line-height:0; margin-top:40px; padding:50.0% 0; text-align:center; width:100%;"> <div style=" background:url(data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAACwAAAAsCAMAAAApWqozAAAABGdBTUEAALGPC/xhBQAAAAFzUkdCAK7OHOkAAAAMUExURczMzPf399fX1+bm5mzY9AMAAADiSURBVDjLvZXbEsMgCES5/P8/t9FuRVCRmU73JWlzosgSIIZURCjo/ad+EQJJB4Hv8BFt+IDpQoCx1wjOSBFhh2XssxEIYn3ulI/6MNReE07UIWJEv8UEOWDS88LY97kqyTliJKKtuYBbruAyVh5wOHiXmpi5we58Ek028czwyuQdLKPG1Bkb4NnM+VeAnfHqn1k4+GPT6uGQcvu2h2OVuIf/gWUFyy8OWEpdyZSa3aVCqpVoVvzZZ2VTnn2wU8qzVjDDetO90GSy9mVLqtgYSy231MxrY6I2gGqjrTY0L8fxCxfCBbhWrsYYAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC); display:block; height:44px; margin:0 auto -44px; position:relative; top:-22px; width:44px;"></div></div> <p style=" margin:8px 0 0 0; padding:0 4px;"> <a href="https://www.instagram.com/p/BQHgXYKAubl/" style=" color:#000; font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; font-style:normal; font-weight:normal; line-height:17px; text-decoration:none; word-wrap:break-word;" target="_blank">Pathetic rewrites progress, because Saturday.😅🖋📖✨ #blindtheeyes . . . #yalit #yabooks #yaauthor #rewrites #amwriting #amediting #bookquotes #dystopian #dystopianfiction #paranormal #fantasy #darkfantasy #writersofinstagram #writergram #writersofig #authorsofinstagram #bte #ptp #kaiespace</a></p> <p style=" color:#c9c8cd; font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; line-height:17px; margin-bottom:0; margin-top:8px; overflow:hidden; padding:8px 0 7px; text-align:center; text-overflow:ellipsis; white-space:nowrap;">A photo posted by KAIE | 🇨🇦 author &amp; bookaholic (@kaie.space_author) on <time style=" font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; line-height:17px;" datetime="2017-02-05T04:56:03+00:00">Feb 4, 2017 at 8:56pm PST</time></p></div></blockquote>
<script async defer src="//platform.instagram.com/en_US/embeds.js"></script>

This morning I had myself convinced I was going to work today. Then it was a snowy Saturday morning and I decided to spoil myself and finish the second book in Maggie Stiefvater’s Raven Cycle. Then I had so many ideas from her cleverness that I was going to sit down and work on the book for the afternoon. Then I got distracted by Instagram and a couple hours went by… and here I am deciding to at least get some work done. 

As usual, I am both inspired and depressed by reading other people’s brilliance. And I my daily progress posts are lagging on IG, so it’s clear not everyone is impressed by my brilliance, such as it is or is not… Came across somebody just starting to create bookmarks and thinking if launching on Easy. I wonder if there’s a cross-promotion/partnership/commission thing there that I should pursue? Incentives for… something. Joining a mailing list. Ordering. Pre-ordering. A well-known and popular creator would bring more reach, but would come with less flexibility and more expense (probably). Still feels too soon to worry about. And I don’t even want to think about budgets and financing promotions… ugh.

In storytelling world, I’m still less than confident about my plot. It’s better (probably) than the original, but feels simultaneously too simplistic and too complex. Cole’s more proactive, but the whole thing is so internalized… in Stiefvater’s books, she really confronts issues of wanting, what we want, when we don’t know, when it hurts us, when we don’t get it, but it’s within a larger framework. I’m weak on the larger framework and deep into the internal character issues. Which is maybe the difference between a Stiefvater and a Yovanoff, but I’m worried that it’s actually the difference between a pro and an amateur. So off I go to tangle myself up in my plot again and lose track of the ends of the string.

Part 2

Oof, it’s hard working on a Friday. Or maybe it’s just the stretch I’m working on or something. Slow going! I think I’m subconsciously (now consciously?) afraid of writing the big reveal bit with the Tower agents ‘cause it’s too thriller/mystery/grand reveal weighty. But on the ego-boosting side, someone on IG asked if I had anything up on Kindle, so there’s at least one person out there who might be willing to consider spending money for my words! Maybe I’m doing something right after all?

Saturday

Start Time: 2:30 & 6 pm

Location: Abbotsford; home; couch

Drinking: Ginger & Crown Northern Harvest
