---
layout: newspost
title: Kicking Off 2020
date: 2020-01-09
category: news
---

SO MUCH going on as we head into a new year (could it because it's been six months since I last updated you? Maybe? Who really knows??)

Anyway, here's the rundown:

---

### Sequel

The next installment of Threads of Dreams didn't make it for 2019, but it did get written.

Look forward to more hauntings, more monsters, more revelations, and a bonus roadtrip to the BC interior.

Revisions, a lot of research as the adventure heads out of the city, and a few rounds of editing lie ahead, but I hope to keep things moving and work on book 3 when book 2's off for editing this year because y'all are gonna hate me if I leave you hanging with its ending for another two years.


---

### Events

I'll be getting out of the house more in 2020, with several IRL events already on the book ([here's a page where you can keep track of them all!](https://kaie.space/events.html)). Briefly:

- Writing & Illustrating Kids Books: The Inside Story. Vancouver, Feb. 3, 2020. More details [here](https://vpl.bibliocommons.com/events/search/fq=branch_location_id:(CEN)&fq=types:(53e94ea21fdd7868020058ca)/event/5df81ba869c98645007cffb6).

- World Read Aloud Day Live Readings. Burnaby, Feb. 5, 2020. More details to come.

Aaand speaking of getting out of the house:


---

### Coaching

My head is still spinning, this got arranged so fast . . . but I'm officially the newest storytelling mentor with Creative Writing for Children Society!

They're a local nonprofit that runs after-school/weekend creative writing workshops for ages 8 and up all around the Greater Vancouver/Lower Mainland region (and, occasionally, overseas.) Term-length workshops end with the kids self-publishing a short book or anthology.

I'll be running a creativity-in-storytelling anthology workshop in White Rock starting next week (😱) so that's going to be busy for a bit until I get it sorted. If you have kids interested in doing more creative writing, definitely [get in touch with them](http://www.cwc2004.org/) to see if there's an upcoming workshop in your area!


---

### Actual Publishing News (?)

You'll see some familiar stories popping up later this year with a new look.

I did a little clean-up on both On the Edge and A Song of Dark Things and they're pending consideration for a magazine and anthology project respectively. 

A few other short stories, new and old, are under submission as well, and I got the news just last night that Castoffs is pending consideration for a magazine that does print/ebook/audio. Can't wait for you guys to read it (hope it finally sells!) since it's so utterly unlike anything I've put out before. Kind of weird horror, if that's a genre? Or dark comedy-fantasy?

An alternate cover for Blind the Eyes is also underway. It's an experiment to see what a less-creative-more-genre-aligned cover might do on digital storefronts (which are a bit of their own beast when it comes to such things), so look forward to a new/old cover reveal in the next edition!

---

### Stores

Just added a new IRL retail location, if you're into supporting indie bookstores and/or shopping local.

You can now find signed paperbacks of Blind the Eyes at [Hemingway's Books & Records](http://www.hemibooks.com/)** in Abbotsford, BC.

---

That seems like more than enough for now! As always, you'll get news a little faster if you join me on social or sign up to the newsletter! :)
